 npm-audit | npm Docs Skip to search Skip to content npm Docs npmjs.com Status Support Site navigation About npm Getting started Setting up your npm user account Creating a new user account on the public registry Creating a strong password Receiving a one-time password over email About two-factor authentication Configuring two-factor authentication Accessing npm using two-factor authentication Recovering your 2FA-enabled account Managing your npm user account Managing your profile settings Changing your npm username Deleting your npm user account Requesting an export of your personal data Paying for your npm user account Upgrading to a paid user account plan Viewing, downloading, and emailing receipts for your npm user account Updating user account billing settings Downgrading to a free user account plan Configuring your local environment About npm CLI versions Downloading and installing Node.js and npm Troubleshooting Generating and locating npm-debug.log files Common errors Try the latest stable version of node Try the latest stable version of npm Packages and modules Introduction to packages and modules About the public npm registry About packages and modules About scopes About public packages About private packages npm package scope, access level, and visibility Contributing packages to the registry Creating a package.json file Creating Node.js modules About package README files Creating and publishing unscoped public packages Creating and publishing scoped public packages Creating and publishing private packages Package name guidelines Specifying dependencies and devDependencies in a package.json file About semantic versioning Adding dist-tags to packages Updating and managing your published packages Changing package visibility Adding collaborators to private packages owned by a user account Updating your published package version number Deprecating and undeprecating packages or package versions Transferring a package from a user account to another user account Unpublishing packages from the registry Getting packages from the registry Searching for and choosing packages to download Downloading and installing packages locally Downloading and installing packages globally Resolving EACCES permissions errors when installing packages globally Updating packages downloaded from the registry Using npm packages in your projects Using deprecated packages Uninstalling packages and dependencies Securing your code About audit reports Auditing package dependencies for security vulnerabilities Generating provenance statements Trusted publishing with OIDC Staged publishing About ECDSA registry signatures Verifying ECDSA registry signatures Requiring 2FA for package publishing and settings modification Reporting malware in an npm package Integrations Integrating npm with external services About access tokens Creating and viewing access tokens Revoking access tokens Using private packages in a CI/CD workflow Docker and private modules Organizations Creating and managing organizations Creating an organization Converting your user account to an organization Requiring two-factor authentication in your organization Renaming an organization Deleting an organization Paying for your organization Upgrading to a paid organization plan Viewing, downloading, and emailing receipts for your organization Updating organization billing settings Downgrading to a free organization plan Managing organization members Adding members to your organization Accepting or rejecting an organization invitation Organization roles and permissions Managing organization permissions Removing members from your organization Managing teams About the developers team Creating teams Adding organization members to teams Removing organization members from teams Managing team access to organization packages Removing teams Managing organization packages About organization scopes and packages Configuring your npm client with your organization settings Creating and publishing an organization scoped package Policies Terms of Use Open Source Terms Dual Use Content Private Terms Code of Conduct Package Name Disputes npm License Privacy Policy Unpublish Policy Copyright and DMCA Policy Logos and Usage Security Replication and web crawler policy Threats and mitigations npm CLI CLI Commands npm npm access npm adduser npm approve-scripts npm audit npm bugs npm cache npm ci npm completion npm config npm dedupe npm deny-scripts npm deprecate npm diff npm dist-tag npm docs npm doctor npm edit npm exec npm explain npm explore npm find-dupes npm fund npm get npm help npm help-search npm init npm install npm install-ci-test npm install-scripts npm install-test npm link npm ll npm login npm logout npm ls npm org npm outdated npm owner npm pack npm ping npm pkg npm prefix npm profile npm prune npm publish npm query npm rebuild npm repo npm restart npm root npm run npm sbom npm search npm set npm shrinkwrap npm stage npm star npm stars npm start npm stop npm team npm test npm token npm trust npm undeprecate npm uninstall npm unpublish npm unstar npm update npm version npm view npm whoami npx Configuring npm Install Folders.npmrc npm-shrinkwrap.json package.json package-lock.json Using npm Registry Package spec Config Logging Scope Scripts Workspaces Organizations Dependency Selectors Developers Removal Changelog npmjs.com Status Support GitHub CLI Commands npm audit npm-audit Run a security audit Select CLI Version: Version 11.19.0 (Legacy) Table of contents Synopsis Description Package lock Audit Signatures Audit Endpoints Bulk Advisory Endpoint Quick Audit Endpoint Scrubbing Calculating Meta-Vulnerabilities and Remediations Exit Code Examples Configuration audit-level dry-run force json package-lock-only package-lock omit include foreground-scripts ignore-scripts include-attestations workspace workspaces include-workspace-root install-links See Also Synopsis 
 npm audit [ fix | signatures ] 
 Description 
 The audit command submits a description of the dependencies configured in your project to your default registry and asks for a report of known vulnerabilities. If any vulnerabilities are found, then the impact and appropriate remediation will be calculated. If the fix argument is provided, then remediations will be applied to the package tree. 
 The command will exit with a 0 exit code if no vulnerabilities were found. 
 Note that some vulnerabilities cannot be fixed automatically and will require manual intervention or review. Also note that since npm audit fix runs a full-fledged npm install under the hood, all configs that apply to the installer will also apply to npm install -- so things like npm audit fix --package-lock-only will work as expected. 
 By default, the audit command will exit with a non-zero code if any vulnerability is found. It may be useful in CI environments to include the --audit-level parameter to specify the minimum vulnerability level that will cause the command to fail. This option does not filter the report output, it simply changes the command's failure threshold. 
 Package lock 
 By default npm requires a package-lock or shrinkwrap in order to run the audit. You can bypass the package lock with --no-package-lock but be aware the results may be different with every run, since npm will re-build the dependency tree each time. 
 Audit Signatures 
 To ensure the integrity of packages you download from the public npm registry, or any registry that supports signatures, you can verify the registry signatures of downloaded packages using the npm CLI. 
 Registry signatures can be verified using the following audit command: 
 $ npm audit signatures 
 The audit signatures command will also verify the provenance attestations of downloaded packages. Because provenance attestations are such a new feature, security features may be added to (or changed in) the attestation format over time. To ensure that you're always able to verify attestation signatures check that you're running the latest version of the npm CLI. Please note this often means updating npm beyond the version that ships with Node.js. 
 To include the full sigstore attestation bundles in JSON output, use: 
 $ npm audit signatures --json --include-attestations 
 This adds a verified array to the JSON output containing the attestation bundles (DSSE envelopes, verification material, and transparency log entries) for each verified package. 
 The npm CLI supports registry signatures and signing keys provided by any registry if the following conventions are followed: 
 Signatures are provided in the package's packument in each published version within the dist object: 
 "dist": { "..omitted..": "..omitted..", "signatures": [ { "keyid": "SHA256:{{SHA256_PUBLIC_KEY}}", "sig": "a312b9c3cb4a1b693e8ebac5ee1ca9cc01f2661c14391917dcb111517f72370809..." } ] } 
 See this example of a signed package from the public npm registry. 
 The sig is generated using the following template: ${package.name}@${package.version}:${package.dist.integrity} and the keyid has to match one of the public signing keys below. 
 Public signing keys are provided at registry-host.tld/-/npm/v1/keys in the following format: 
 { "keys": [ { "expires": null, "keyid": "SHA256:{{SHA256_PUBLIC_KEY}}", "keytype": "ecdsa-sha2-nistp256", "scheme": "ecdsa-sha2-nistp256", "key": "{{B64_PUBLIC_KEY}}" } ] } 
 Keys response: 
 expires: null or a simplified extended ISO 8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssZ 
 keyid: sha256 fingerprint of the public key 
 keytype: only ecdsa-sha2-nistp256 is currently supported by the npm CLI 
 scheme: only ecdsa-sha2-nistp256 is currently supported by the npm CLI 
 key: base64 encoded public key 
 See this example key's response from the public npm registry. 
 Audit Endpoints 
 There are two audit endpoints that npm may use to fetch vulnerability information: the Bulk Advisory endpoint and the Quick Audit endpoint. 
 Bulk Advisory Endpoint 
 As of version 7, npm uses the much faster Bulk Advisory endpoint to optimize the speed of calculating audit results. 
 npm will generate a JSON payload with the name and list of versions of each package in the tree, and POST it to the default configured registry at the path /-/npm/v1/security/advisories/bulk. 
 Any packages in the tree that do not have a version field in their package.json file will be ignored. If any --omit options are specified (either via the --omit config, or one of the shorthands such as --production, --only=dev, and so on), then packages will be omitted from the submitted payload as appropriate. 
 If the registry responds with an error, or with an invalid response, then npm will attempt to load advisory data from the Quick Audit endpoint. 
 The expected result will contain a set of advisory objects for each dependency that matches the advisory range. Each advisory object contains a name, url, id, severity, vulnerable_versions, and title. 
 npm then uses these advisory objects to calculate vulnerabilities and meta-vulnerabilities of the dependencies within the tree. 
 Quick Audit Endpoint 
 If the Bulk Advisory endpoint returns an error, or invalid data, npm will attempt to load advisory data from the Quick Audit endpoint, which is considerably slower in most cases. 
 The full package tree as found in package-lock.json is submitted, along with the following pieces of additional metadata: 
 npm_version 
 node_version 
 platform 
 arch 
 node_env 
 All packages in the tree are submitted to the Quick Audit endpoint. Omitted dependency types are skipped when generating the report. 
 Scrubbing 
 Out of an abundance of caution, npm versions 5 and 6 would "scrub" any packages from the submitted report if their name contained a / character, so as to avoid leaking the names of potentially private packages or git URLs. 
 However, in practice, this resulted in audits often failing to properly detect meta-vulnerabilities, because the tree would appear to be invalid due to missing dependencies, and prevented the detection of vulnerabilities in package trees that used git dependencies or private modules. 
 This scrubbing has been removed from npm as of version 7. 
 Calculating Meta-Vulnerabilities and Remediations 
 npm uses the @npmcli/metavuln-calculator module to turn a set of security advisories into a set of "vulnerability" objects. A "meta-vulnerability" is a dependency that is vulnerable by virtue of dependence on vulnerable versions of a vulnerable package. 
 For example, if the package foo is vulnerable in the range >=1.0.2 <2.0.0, and the package bar depends on foo@^1.1.0, then that version of bar can only be installed by installing a vulnerable version of foo. In this case, bar is a "metavulnerability". 
 Once metavulnerabilities for a given package are calculated, they are cached in the ~/.npm folder and only re-evaluated if the advisory range changes, or a new version of the package is published (in which case, the new version is checked for metavulnerable status as well). 
 If the chain of metavulnerabilities extends all the way to the root project, and it cannot be updated without changing its dependency ranges, then npm audit fix will require the --force option to apply the remediation. If remediations do not require changes to the dependency ranges, then all vulnerable packages will be updated to a version that does not have an advisory or metavulnerability posted against it. 
 Exit Code 
 The npm audit command will exit with a 0 exit code if no vulnerabilities were found. The npm audit fix command will exit with 0 exit code if no vulnerabilities are found or if the remediation is able to successfully fix all vulnerabilities. 
 If vulnerabilities were found the exit code will depend on the audit-level config. 
 Examples 
 Scan your project for vulnerabilities and automatically install any compatible updates to vulnerable dependencies: 
 $ npm audit fix 
 Run audit fix without modifying node_modules, but still updating the pkglock: 
 $ npm audit fix --package-lock-only 
 Skip updating devDependencies: 
 $ npm audit fix --only = prod 
 Have audit fix install SemVer-major updates to toplevel dependencies, not just SemVer-compatible ones: 
 $ npm audit fix --force 
 Do a dry run to get an idea of what audit fix will do, and also output install information in JSON format: 
 $ npm audit fix --dry-run --json 
 Scan your project for vulnerabilities and just show the details, without fixing anything: 
 $ npm audit 
 Get the detailed audit report in JSON format: 
 $ npm audit --json 
 Fail an audit only if the results include a vulnerability with a level of moderate or higher: 
 $ npm audit --audit-level = moderate 
 Configuration 
 audit-level 
 Default: null 
 Type: null, "info", "low", "moderate", "high", "critical", or "none" 
 The minimum level of vulnerability for npm audit to exit with a non-zero exit code. 
 dry-run 
 Default: false 
 Type: Boolean 
 Indicates that you don't want npm to make any changes and that it should only report what it would have done. This can be passed into any of the commands that modify your local installation, eg, install, update, dedupe, uninstall, as well as pack and publish. 
 Note: This is NOT honored by other network related commands, eg dist-tags, owner, etc. 
 force 
 Default: false 
 Type: Boolean 
 Removes various protections against unfortunate side effects, common mistakes, unnecessary performance degradation, and malicious input. 
 Allow clobbering non-npm files in global installs. 
 Allow the npm version command to work on an unclean git repository. 
 Allow deleting the cache folder with npm cache clean. 
 Allow installing packages that have an engines declaration requiring a different version of npm. 
 Allow installing packages that have an engines declaration requiring a different version of node, even if --engine-strict is enabled. 
 Allow npm audit fix to install modules outside your stated dependency range (including SemVer-major changes). 
 Allow unpublishing all versions of a published package. 
 Allow conflicting peerDependencies to be installed in the root project. 
 Implicitly set --yes during npm init. 
 Allow clobbering existing values in npm pkg 
 Allow unpublishing of entire packages (not just a single version). 
 If you don't have a clear idea of what you want to do, it is strongly recommended that you do not use this option! 
 json 
 Default: false 
 Type: Boolean 
 Whether or not to output JSON data, rather than the normal output. 
 In npm pkg set it enables parsing set values with JSON.parse() before saving them to your package.json. 
 Not supported by all npm commands. 
 package-lock-only 
 Default: false 
 Type: Boolean 
 If set to true, the current operation will only use the package-lock.json, ignoring node_modules. 
 For update this means only the package-lock.json will be updated, instead of checking node_modules and downloading dependencies. 
 For list this means the output will be based on the tree described by the package-lock.json, rather than the contents of node_modules. 
 package-lock 
 Default: true 
 Type: Boolean 
 If set to false, then ignore package-lock.json files when installing. This will also prevent writing package-lock.json if save is true. 
 omit 
 Default: 'dev' if the NODE_ENV environment variable is set to 'production'; otherwise, empty. 
 Type: "dev", "optional", or "peer" (can be set multiple times) 
 Dependency types to omit from the installation tree on disk. 
 Note that these dependencies are still resolved and added to the package-lock.json or npm-shrinkwrap.json file. They are just not physically installed on disk. 
 If a package type appears in both the --include and --omit lists, then it will be included. 
 If the resulting omit list includes 'dev', then the NODE_ENV environment variable will be set to 'production' for all lifecycle scripts. 
 include 
 Default: 
 Type: "prod", "dev", "optional", or "peer" (can be set multiple times) 
 Option that allows for defining which types of dependencies to install. 
 This is the inverse of --omit=<type>. 
 Dependency types specified in --include will not be omitted, regardless of the order in which omit/include are specified on the command-line. 
 foreground-scripts 
 Default: false unless when using npm pack or npm publish where it defaults to true 
 Type: Boolean 
 Run all build scripts (ie, preinstall, install, and postinstall ) scripts for installed packages in the foreground process, sharing standard input, output, and error with the main npm process. 
 Note that this will generally make installs run slower, and be much noisier, but can be useful for debugging. 
 ignore-scripts 
 Default: false 
 Type: Boolean 
 If true, npm does not run scripts specified in package.json files. 
 Note that commands explicitly intended to run a particular script, such as npm start, npm stop, npm restart, npm test, and npm run will still run their intended script if ignore-scripts is set, but they will not run any pre- or post-scripts. 
 include-attestations 
 Default: false 
 Type: Boolean 
 When used with npm audit signatures --json, includes the full sigstore attestation bundles in the JSON output for each verified package. The bundles contain DSSE envelopes, verification material, and transparency log entries. 
 workspace 
 Default: 
 Type: String (can be set multiple times) 
 Enable running a command in the context of the configured workspaces of the current project while filtering by running only the workspaces defined by this configuration option. 
 Valid values for the workspace config are either: 
 Workspace names 
 Path to a workspace directory 
 Path to a parent workspace directory (will result in selecting all workspaces within that folder) 
 When set for the npm init command, this may be set to the folder of a workspace which does not yet exist, to create the folder and set it up as a brand new workspace within the project. 
 This value is not exported to the environment for child processes. 
 workspaces 
 Default: null 
 Type: null or Boolean 
 Set to true to run the command in the context of all configured workspaces. 
 Explicitly setting this to false will cause commands like install to ignore workspaces altogether. When not set explicitly: 
 Commands that operate on the node_modules tree (install, update, etc.) will link workspaces into the node_modules folder. - Commands that do other things (test, exec, publish, etc.) will operate on the root project, unless one or more workspaces are specified in the workspace config. 
 This value is not exported to the environment for child processes. 
 include-workspace-root 
 Default: false 
 Type: Boolean 
 Include the workspace root when workspaces are enabled for a command. 
 When false, specifying individual workspaces via the workspace config, or all workspaces via the workspaces flag, will cause npm to operate only on the specified workspaces, and not on the root project. 
 This value is not exported to the environment for child processes. 
 install-links 
 Default: false 
 Type: Boolean 
 When set file: protocol dependencies will be packed and installed as regular dependencies instead of creating a symlink. This option has no effect on workspaces. 
 See Also 
 npm install 
 config 
 Edit this page on GitHub 7 contributors mitchdenny jsoref emmanuel-ferdman davidlj95 bdehamer lukekarrys wraithgar Last edited by mitchdenny on March 18, 2026 Table of contents Synopsis Description Package lock Audit Signatures Audit Endpoints Bulk Advisory Endpoint Quick Audit Endpoint Scrubbing Calculating Meta-Vulnerabilities and Remediations Exit Code Examples Configuration audit-level dry-run force json package-lock-only package-lock omit include foreground-scripts ignore-scripts include-attestations workspace workspaces include-workspace-root install-links See Also 
 